ACCELERATOR PARTICIPANT AGREEMENT

This Accelerator Participation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into on this {date}, by and between:



INFOPACE Management Pvt Ltd, having its Registered Office at 81, SHIG-B, Block 6, 3rd main, 4th cross, 5th phase, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore 560064, and its Corporate Office at #14, 2nd Floor, Halkatti Icon, Sankey Road, Guttahalli, Sadashiva Nagar, Bengaluru, 560003, represented by its Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Kishor Jagirdar, namely the First Party.

AND

{company_name} , having its Registered Office at {address} , represented by {founder}, namely the Second Party

This Agreement applies to the Services (as defined below) offered to the above said participating company ("Participant") in the Ipreneur Acceleration Program made available by INFOPACE Management Pvt Ltd ("Ipreneur Accelerator"). The Terms "Ipreneur Accelerator" and "Participant" shall be collectively referred to as “Parties".

WHEREAS, Ipreneur Accelerator organizes a schedule of support with various members of the start-up community, including but not limited to investors, startup founders, community organizers, and service providers (collectively “support”) and provides advice and guidance regarding successfully accessing and accelerating into the market as well as facilitating the FUNDING for growth (“Services”) and;

WHEREAS, Participant wishes to retain Ipreneur Accelerator for such Services and Support;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1.TermThe term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date Participant ticks "agree" on a form mentioning these Terms and Conditions and submits the form (the "Effective Date") and shall remain in force until terminated by either party pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.

2. Payment

2.1. In full consideration for the Services and Support provided under this Agreement, Participant hereby agrees to pay Ipreneur Accelerator, a fee of Rs. 1,18,000/- (Rupees One Lakh and Eighteen Thousand Only) inclusive of GST @18% prior to agreement. 

2.1.1. The Fee – The Participant has paid a sum of Rs (Amt paid in numbers) (including GST @18%) (Amt paid in words) via (Sources paid with reference number).

2.1.2. Ipreneur Accelerator invests approximately ₹40,00,000 worth of resources, mentorship, market access, and ecosystem support per startup, and the Participant agrees to ensure effective utilization (minimum 80%) of such resources.

2.3. Ipreneur Accelerator reserves the right to apply waiver towards the Fee or Scholarship. If a waiver is provided and Participant breaches any of the Rules listed in Section 3.1, Ipreneur Accelerator reserves the right to revoke such waiver and charge Participant the full fee.

2.4. All travel-related expenses, including but not limited to airfare, hotel lodging, and transportation, are the sole responsibility of the Participant.

3. Participant Obligations, Attendance & Conduct

3.1. All Co-Founders, officers, employees, consultants or agents of the Participant, while attending the Support, shall comply with the following - rules (the “Code of Conduct -Rules”):(a) Follow instructions, directions, procedures, and policies of Ipreneur Accelerator;(b) Attend and arrive promptly to all Support;(c) Behave in a respectful manner to not poorly reflect on Ipreneur Accelerator;(d) Remain fully engaged and attentively participate in all Support;(e) Obtain prior approval from Ipreneur Accelerator prior to any absence from an Event; and(f) Have fun!

Code of Conduct:

Celebrate all wins.

Bring creativity and enthusiasm to everything you do.

Be willing to entertain new ideas and approaches to business building.

Look for ways to make new ideas work, rather than reasons why they won’t.

Take full responsibility for your actions and non-actions

Keep all agreements, including being on time to coaching sessions and actions

Be willing to ask for help.

Be willing to be straight: Communicate honestly, freely and openly.

Treat all others involved in the program with kindness and respect.

Rudeness, intolerance, aggression, manipulation, discrimination and any other inappropriate behavior to other program participants or staff members will not be tolerated.

3.2. Program Nature and Expectations:Participant acknowledges that this is not a training program but a deep, program-specific acceleration intervention designed for startups in scaling mode. The Participant must:

Achieve defined milestones and performance goals within the acceleration program.

Take full responsibility for executing work; ensure progress against the scorecard parameters set by the Program Director or Accelerator Manager.

Recognize that mentors, advisors, or external knowledge experts are facilitators, not substitutes; they cannot fully understand or operate the Participant’s business.

Commit to working on themselves and their venture to address gaps — ownership of results remains solely with the founders.

Understand that mentorship does not transfer business responsibility and external entities shall not act on behalf of the startup.

3.3. Ipreneur Accelerator reserves the right to exclude Participant from any Support if Participant breaches any provision of this Agreement.

3.4. Attendance Requirement:Participant must maintain a minimum of 80% attendance across all scheduled sessions to continue participation and qualify for progression within the program.

3.5. Performance Evaluation:Participant’s progress shall be periodically reviewed. Startups must achieve satisfactory scorecard ratings to move to the next level within the acceleration process.

3.6. Ipreneur Accelerator reserves the right to revoke any fee waivers or scholarships and/or terminate participation for non-compliance with these obligations.

3.7. Participant hereby grants Ipreneur Accelerator a non-exclusive, perpetual license to use Participant’s documentation, logos, marks, and trademarks (“Participant Materials”) to create documentation, promotional material, pitches to sponsors, and any other promotional materials, including web and social media (“Event Materials”). Ipreneur Accelerator shall have the right to photograph and record video and/or audio of Co-Founders, employees, or representatives of Participant attending the Support and make commercial use of such photographs and recordings.

4. Participant’s Representations and Warranties

4.1. Participant represents, warrants, and covenants that there exists no agreement or restriction which would interfere with or prevent Participant from entering this Agreement.4.2. Participant represents, warrants, and covenants that the Participant Materials, and their receipt and use by Ipreneur Accelerator, will not infringe upon, misappropriate, or violate any patent, copyright, trademark (and any goodwill associated therewith), trade secret, moral rights, or other proprietary right of any third party.



5. Indemnification in Connection with Injuries to Persons or Damage to Property

5.1. Participant party shall indemnify and hold harmless Ipreneur Accelerator, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnitee”) against and from any and all suits, actions, proceedings at law or in equity, claims (groundless or otherwise), demands, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, payments, deficiencies, settlements, penalties, fines, fees, economic losses, costs and any other expenses, (including, but not limited to, fees and disbursements of counsel selected by Ipreneur Accelerator) (whether incurred in a third party action, or in an action brought by either party against the other to enforce its rights under this Agreement), (collectively, “Liabilities”) arising out of or incurred in connection with bodily injury (including death) to any person, damage to the property, or interest of any person, firm, or corporation to the extent that such injury or damage shall have been occasioned by, shall have resulted from, or shall in any way be attributable to the willful or negligent acts or omissions of Participant, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or subcontractors in any way related to this Agreement.

5.2. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Participant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Ipreneur Accelerator, its affiliates, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all Liabilities which are asserted against, incurred or suffered by Ipreneur Accelerator and which arise directly or indirectly out of, or in connection with:

(a) the violation of any applicable law by Participant, and/or its officers, directors, employees, agents and/or other representatives;(b) the breach by Ipreneur Accelerator, and/or its officers, directors, employees, agents and/or other representatives of any covenant, condition, warranty, or representation contained in this Agreement; or(c) the gross negligence, or willful or wanton misconduct of Participant, and/or its officers, directors, employees, agents and/or other representatives.

6. Confidentiality

6.1. “Confidential Information” means the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any information conveyed to Participant, orally or in writing, by Ipreneur Accelerator, pursuant hereto, but shall not include information which becomes generally available to the public through no act or omission by Participant. Participant acknowledges the confidential and proprietary nature of the Confidential Information and agrees that it shall not discuss, reveal, or disclose the Confidential Information to any other person or entity, or use any Confidential Information for any purpose other than as contemplated hereby, in each case, without the prior written consent of Ipreneur Accelerator. Participant agrees to use best efforts (and in no event less rigorous than Participant takes with respect to its own proprietary and confidential information) to prevent unauthorized or inadvertent disclosure of the Confidential Information.

6.2. Participant will, at the request of Ipreneur Accelerator, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, promptly return all Confidential Information held or used by Participant in whatever form or promptly destroy all such Confidential Information, including all copies thereof, and those portions of all documents that incorporate such Confidential Information.

7. Privacy

7.1 Ipreneur Accelerator is committed to safeguarding the privacy of Ipreneur Accelerator’s Participants, sponsors and partners.

7.2 Ipreneur Accelerator’s Privacy Policy applies where the company is acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of Ipreneur Accelerator’s aforementioned peoples; in other words, where Ipreneur Accelerator determines the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. The Privacy Policy can be found at Ipreneur Acceleratorny.com/privacy-policy.

7.3 Ipreneur Accelerator may disclose Participant’s data to one or more selected third-party suppliers of goods and services identified as its partners for the purpose of enabling them to contact Participants so that they can offer, market and sell to them relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that Ipreneur Accelerator supplies to it; and upon contacting Participants, each such third party will have a corresponding privacy policy.

7.4 Ipreneur Accelerator is granted permission and consent to the rights of Participant’s image and trademark, likeness and sound of voice as recorded on audio or video tape without payment or any other consideration. Participant understands that its image may be edited, copied, exhibited, published or distributed and waives the right to inspect or approve the finished product wherein their likeness appears. Additionally, Participant waives any right to royalties or other compensation arising or related to the use of their image or recording. Participant also understands that this material may be used in diverse educational settings within an unrestricted geographic area.Photographic, audio or video recordings may be used for the following purposes:• marketing material• promotional or educational videos• online promotion, including Ipreneur Accelerator website, Facebook, Instagram, Meetup, and other websitesBy agreeing to this release, the Participant understands this permission signifies that photographic or video recordings of them may be electronically displayed via the Internet or in the public educational setting.

There is no time limit on the validity of this release nor is there any geographic limitation on where these materials may be distributed.This release applies to photographic; audio or video recordings collected as part of the Ipreneur Accelerator activity Participant signed up and/or participated in. This authorization is revocable under the Cyber laws.

8. Termination

8.1. Ipreneur Accelerator may terminate this Agreement at any time upon three (3) days’ notice.

8.2. Ipreneur Accelerator may terminate this Agreement (i) upon Participant’s breach of this Agreement and failure to cure such breach upon five (5) business days prior written notice by Ipreneur Accelerator, or (ii) upon Participant’s material breach of this Agreement which cannot be reasonably be cured.

8.3 The Participant may terminate this agreement at any time upon three (3) days’ notice. In case the Participant paid a Fee to participate to the Program, this termination would require the forfeiture of the program tuition and non-reimbursement on the Fee.

9. Limitation of LiabilityExcept as set forth in sections 5 and 6, in no event will either party be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages; or damages for loss of profits, revenue, business, savings, use, or cost of substitute service or procurement, whether in an action in contract or tort, and even if the party has been advised of the possibility of such damages or if such damages are foreseeable. Except as set forth in sections 5 and 6, neither party’s total liability hereunder will in any event exceed the amount of the fees paid or to be paid pursuant to this agreement.

10. General

10.1. Relationship Between the Parties. Participant is an independent contractor; there is no joint venture, partnership, agency or fiduciary relationship existing between the Parties and the Parties do not intend to create any such relationship by this Agreement. Neither Party shall have the power or authority to bind or obligate the other in any manner not expressly set forth herein.

10.2. Use of Name. Participant and its employees, agents and representatives will not, without Ipreneur Accelerator’s prior written consent in each instance, use in advertising, publicity or other promotional endeavor, the name of Ipreneur Accelerator or any of Ipreneur Accelerator’s affiliates, or any officer or employee of Ipreneur Accelerator, or any trade name, trademark, trade device, service mark, symbol or any abbreviation, contraction or simulation thereof used by Ipreneur Accelerator or its affiliates; or represent, directly or indirectly, that any product or service provided by Participant has been approved or endorsed by Participant, or refer to the existence of this Agreement in press releases, advertising or materials distributed to Participant’s prospective customers.

10.3. Force Majeure. Ipreneur Accelerator shall not be held responsible nor be deemed to be in default under this Agreement for any delay in performance or failure in performance of any of its obligations hereunder if such delay or failure is the result of causes beyond the control of Ipreneur Accelerator.

10.4. Governing Law. This Agreement, its subject matter and the parties’ respective rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Bangalore Court, without giving effect to principles regarding conflicts of law.

10.5. Modification, Amendment and Waiver; Benefit. There are no understandings, agreements or representations, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof not specified herein. This Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be modified, amended, rescinded, canceled or waived in whole or in part, except by a writing executed by both parties. 

10.6. Assignment. Ipreneur Accelerator may assign this Agreement, and/or any rights and/or obligations hereunder upon written notice and without the consent of Participant to any (i) subsidiary or affiliate of Ipreneur Accelerator, or (ii) successor pursuant to a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Participant shall not assign this Agreement, and/or any rights and/or obligations hereunder without Ipreneur Accelerator’s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 9.6 shall be void ab initio.

10.7. Authority. Both Ipreneur Accelerator and Participant have full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and the person signing this Agreement on behalf of each has been properly authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement. EACH PARTY FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS IT, AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY IT.

10.8. Acknowledgement of Program Investment

Participant acknowledges and agrees that Ipreneur Accelerator’s investment and operational costs toward mentorship, guidance, events, partner access, and ecosystem development amount to approximately ₹40,00,000 per startup. The Participant’s ₹1,00,000 contribution represents only the selection and participation commitment, not the actual cost or value of support extended.

10.9. Compliance with Scorecard and Progression Criteria

Participant must maintain satisfactory progress as per the evaluation parameters and scorecard defined by Ipreneur Accelerator. Only those startups meeting the required performance levels and attendance criteria will be eligible to progress to subsequent program levels or funding opportunities.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective {date}

Participant Company

Represented by:  

Address: 

Company CIN /GSTIN no: 

Incorporation Date: 

Signature: 



Ipreneur Accelerator brand owned by INFOPACE MANAGEMENT PVT LTD 

Represented by: Mr. Kishor Jagirdar 

Registered Office Address:  81, SHIG-B, Block 6, 3rd main, 4th cross, 5th phase, new town Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore 560064 

Company CIN /GSTIN no:  U74140KA1999PTC025773 /     29AAACI5896H1Z2

Incorporation Date: 29th September 1999

 

 Signature